A few minor clarifications (#1022)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/riscv-unpriv-integration.adoc

The permission stripping behavior _only_ applies to loaded capabilities with their {ctag} set and that are not sealed after all other checks.
This ensures that capability loads of non-capability data do not modify the loaded value, and that sealed capabilities are not modified.

NOTE: Clearing a capability's <<lm_perm>> and <<w_perm>> allows sharing a read-only version of a data structure without making a copy.

> For example, if software removes `LM` from a capability to a linked list, any pointers loaded through that capability will automatically lose their <<w_perm>>, preventing modification of the list content.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, if software removes <<lm_perm>> from a capability to a linked list, any pointers loaded through that capability will automatically lose their <<w_perm>>, preventing modification of the list content.
```

> For example, if software removes `LM` from a capability to a linked list, any pointers loaded through that capability will automatically lose their Write (`W`) permission, preventing modification of the list content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if software removes `LM` from a capability to a linked list, any pointers loaded through that capability will automatically lose their <<w_perm>>, preventing modification of the list content.
```
